= ssh-config: A Tool for Managing ssh Config Files

== Overview

It's not THAT much trouble to update your .ssh/config file every time
a host changes, but when it starts happening often enough, even that
hassle starts to add up. This is a quick tool I wrote to help handle
them.

It takes great care to not trash your config file, so you can continue
to edit your config files by hand before and after running the tool.

ssh-config will make a backup of your ~/.ssh/config file as
~/.ssh/config~.

Probably the most useful command is "copy", which intelligently copies
an existing host section.

== Commands

=== set <host> <key> <value>

Adds or updates the value for a given host.

=== unset <host> <key>

Removes a key value for a given host. NOTE: If all values are removed
from a section, the section is NOT removed; use rm <host> for that.

=== rm <host>

Removes an entire host section.

=== copy <old_host> <new_host> [<key> <value> [...]]

Copies the entire section named <old_host> to a new section called
<new_host>. If old_host has a Hostname section, ssh-config will try to
update it to reflect the new_host name. For example, if you had a
section like

  Host rails01
    Hostname rails01.example.com

And you did ssh-config copy rails01 rails02, the new section would
look like this:

  Host rails02
    Hostname rails02.example.com

You can manually override any setting, and/or set new ones by
appending the new key/value pairs at the end. Given the rails01
section above, "ssh-config copy rails01 rails02 Hostname
rails-02.example.com User dbrady" would emit

  Host rails02
    Hostname rails-02.example.com
    User dbrady


=== dump

Dumps the entire file.

=== show <host>

Dumps one section. (Similar to ssh-what.)

=== search <pattern>

Shows all sections that have any line (key OR value) that matches
pattern. (Similar to ssh-what.)

=== list

Lists all section names (just the Host line)

